Who we are?
We are Sea Sand Sun Travel Agency -- The leading agency about beach travel and trip in Da Nang Vietnam. 
We design trips with purpose and meaning, and we have fun along the way. 
Actually, we don’t really believe you can make something great without being in love with it. 
Loving our work is our reason for being. We can make your trips come true. 
Just come with us, and share us your joys.

Our small team consists of trips designers, guest services, safe guards. 
We like to get personal with the people we work with. 
You’ll also find out soon enough that we’re pretty upright guys who work hard and are easy to get along with.

We’ll keep you involved through each stage of the travel plan. 
Our communication lines are short and we’re always willing to climb that bit higher. 
Except for those occasional Mondays after getting loose at a festival. Don’t worry – we’ll still be nice to you.

Why choose us?

WE LISTEN
We listen, we discuss, we advise. Sounds obvious but we listen to your ideas, plans and objectives for your business. 
We then select the best solution to fit. 
We don’t shoehorn trip and if we feel we’re not a good fit we’ll be honest and tell you from the outset.

CREATIVE & TECHNICAL
Whether it’s website or graphic design, system development or custom programming we like 
to keep everything under one roof to make it easier for our customers.

EXPERIENCE
As a company we have been trading since 2014 however we’ve been designing 
and developing websites since the mid-nineties. We love discussing and planning new projects 
and have years of knowledge and experience that we bring to the table.

PASSIONATE
We love nothing more than working on a great project with a fantastic client. 
We care about our clients and can often be found working out of hours to get everything ‘just right’!


Meet our team
We’re happy to present our growing team of youngsters. We use everything within our reach to
keep each other focused and motivated. These guys below are our creative explorers.

Awards that we won
So what does it mean to be award-winning? We’ve asked ourselves that a thousand times, because 
once that lump of Lucite and metal is sitting on the shelf in our studio, it kind of loses its thrill. 
As a client you probably also wonder if awards really matter, so let us tell you why they do. 
Awards mean that Ratio studio is home to some very talented people. 
That’s what you want to know, right? When you work with us, you’re working with some of the very best people around.

When you’re always aiming for the highest, it just so happens you get recognised every now and then.


2014
 International Photography Awards
 Britain Royal Photography Society
2015
 The Best Designs Award
 Creative Circle Awards
 The lovest studio, awarded by client
2016
 Lovie Photo Awards
 International Photography Awards
 Creative Circle Awards
